don't move let me see it
don't move amy can i see you okay
ready
i love it that's super sweet because
it's terrible
oh my god where have you been joel
amy i love you i'm gonna come find you
[Music]
the day the monster uprising was the day
i lost everyone
only a small fraction of humanity
survived to move underground
i've been scanning for amy the entire
time
and now i finally found her oh hey yo
amy
is that you oh my god hey
how far away is amy's colony 85 miles
it's an impossible journey everything
will try to kill you
don't fight just run and hide
you're all alone me too you don't have
to talk about it
you wanna come with me
is that a samurai sword yeah yes it is
listen to your instincts out here man
what if i have terrible instincts
[Music]
you'll die super encouraging speech
you made it all this way for a girl huh
do you ever hear the term fools aaron
no amy i miss you so much
we have lost this wall we could still
take our world back
you're more of a survivor than i thought
[Music]
oh that was awesome oh i feel like tom
cruise
[Music]
you